Removed docker section as it's no longer used for running locally and… (#3740)
luniehq/lunie: README.md

npm run serve
```

> The front end will run on its own, however if you want to feed it data to interact with, please read on below.

Reviewer: @faboweb how do you think we should handle this?

Reviewer 2: What are you suggesting?

### Run local testnet

> ATTENTION: Lunie requires a backend running to operate. We do not offer a publicly accessible backend, however you can follow the instructions below to run a local testnet backend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Lunie requires a GraphQL API to work as expected. At the moment, we do not offer a publicly accessible backend. Email us at hello [at] lunie.io if you'd like access.
```

> [comment]: <> (removed docker section as it's not needed to complete installion and running Lunie)

Reviewer: we can delete this line i think @jrmoreau

Author: OK, got it. I was looking up for markdown commenting styles that wouldn't show on the front end. Wanted to comment for context but I can remove it.

Reviewer: cool. i didn't know there was such a thing! yeah, can be removed though!

npm run serve
```

The front end will run on its own, however if you want to feed it data to interact with, please read on below.

### Run local testnet

Lunie requires a GraphQL API to work as expected. At the moment, we do not offer a publicly accessible backend. Email us at hello [at] lunie.io if you'd like access.

> <<<<<<< HEAD

Reviewer 2: Merge error

Lunie is automatically connecting to the backend at `http://localhost:4000`. If not set the according environment variable `VUE_APP_GRAPHQL_URL`.

The testnet will contain an account with plenty of funds inside that you can use to see balances and make transactions. You need to import that account into Lunie:

- Sign In
- Use an existing account
- Recover with backup code

Now enter the backup code and create the account. Backup code: 

`release endorse scale across absurd trouble climb unaware actor elite fantasy chair license word rare length business kiss smoke tackle report february bid ginger`

You should now have a bunch of funds to stake to play with.

> [comment]: <> (moved Ledger section further down the page to keep the instructions of installing dependencies in the same general area)

Reviewer: ?

Author: Commented how I wanted to move it further down the page because it wasn't immediately relevant to installing.

> ### Ledger Cosmos App

Reviewer: should we delete this Ledger section?

Author: I don't think so. It's helpful and not obvious IMHO. I think we should leave it.

> 

Reviewer 2: This should be changed to lunie-api?

`release endorse scale across absurd trouble climb unaware actor elite fantasy chair license word rare length business kiss smoke tackle report february bid ginger`

You should now have a bunch of funds to stake to play with.

### Ledger Cosmos App

> **IMPORTANT:** Only use Ledger devices that you **bought factory new** or **trust fully**.

Lunie supports sending transactions through the `Cosmos` app for [Ledger Nano](https://www.ledger.com/products/ledger-nano-s) hardware wallet. To install the `Cøsmos` app on your device you'll have to:

1. Download the Ledger Live app [here](https://www.ledger.com/pages/ledger-live)
2. Connect your Ledger via USB and update to the latest firmware
3. Go to the Ledger Live App Store, and download the `Cøsmos` application (this can take a while). **Note:** You may have to enable `Dev Mode` in the Ledger Live Settings to be able to download the `Cøsmos` application
4. Navigate to the `Cøsmos` app on your Ledger device

### Check out Lunie

With Node installed, you're ready to check out the source code. Afterwards install the dependencies for this repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/luniehq/lunie.git
cd lunie

> npm install

Reviewer 2: We always use yarn
